do you want to come film and amazing
locations like this
[Music]
this year
BBC Earth is on the hunt for a fresh and
distinctive presenter join our digital
family if you love science or the
natural world and you want to share that
passion with digital audiences across
the planet then applying could not be
easier all you have to do is make a
video presenting your favorite natural
history or science fact in under 60
seconds and it doesn't matter if you do
this on a state-of-the-art camera or you
feel not on your phone it can be just
you or you can interview someone else if
you want to add your own graphics sure
go for it yeah we're looking to see the
creative innovative and engaging ways
that you present your topic then all you
need to do is upload your videos and
send us the link all entries will be
watched by experts at BBC studios and
the final shortlist will be watched and
judged by a panel of presenters and
producers from the BBC Natural History
Unit and BBC earth then one lucky winner
will get the chance to resent a four
part series here on one of the BBC earth
YouTube channel so you too could be
getting up close and personal with
amazing animals or getting your teeth
into some cutting-edge science
applications will be open for a month so
check out the description box below for
more terms and conditions and
information as to where you can send us
a link to your video and do make sure
you check out the videos that we're
making here an incredible incredible
Iceland man you never know maybe next
time you'll be hitting good luck bye
[Music]